Some years from now, humans discover an essence which makes up most of the universe and is alive. They call it the essence of God, or Divinity.  As they become more and more competent in controlling it, they find that an unknown force is also able to control it. They think that this Holy force is indeed God and at first and they want to communicate with it. As the years pass by with fruitless results though, people start blaming this force for everything that is wrong and has been wrong for aeons, Suddenly one day this force, which humans have come to call God by now, becomes hostile and starts attacking them. Humans fight back and immense battles ensue.

A girl named Physis who appears to have absolute control over Divinity will try to bring peace between the humans and God.

"God" are actually a race of aliens, the first civilization to ever be advanced in the universe. They indeed have been controlling the events of humanity's history from the very beginning of its existence so they are indeed repsonsible for the good and the bad that have happened to them. Humans will discovyer that in the game and having no need for them anymore they will be seperated into two groups. The Just and the Wise. the just want revenge from the aliens while the Wise want to forget all the evil things that have happened and co-existence.
In the same vein, the aliens also are divided into the ones that want nothing to do with humans and have decided that the safest way for them is to annihilate all of them. The other group also wishes for peace. They are called the Vigilant and the Serene.
The Just consider the Wise as traitors as do the Vigilant, the Serene.

Physis is born of Divinity itself and hence she has so much control over it. The universe is alive and senses when there's something really bad going on, so it creates Physis to resolve any issues. However, Divinity only has a basic level of intelligence and as such both the Humans and the Creators can manipulate it even against its will with the right technology.


The story begins in the center of the universe where Physis is born. The war between the Humans and the Creators is already waging and Physis sees the destruction that's been happening. She understands that her mission is to stop both races from manipulating Divinity. She embarks on a journey to destroy the technology used to manipulate Divinity on both sides. After she succeeds in that she offers Etenral Life to whoever agrees to live in piece with one another. While most people agree to this, there are two small groups of hardcore deniers that refuse even at that point. Phsysis decides to imprison them on a remote planet until they change their mind. That's where the game ends.